content/blog/cream-of-tomato-soup/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Cream of Tomato Soup
date: "2019-09-01T14:15:04+00:00"
description: "Anthony Bourdain's recipe from his book 'appetites'"
tags: ["soup", "tomato", "vegetarian"]
---

import { IngredientList } from "./../../../src/components/IngredientList"

## Ingredients

<IngredientList
  ingredients={[
    "About 12 very ripe medium plum tomatoes",
    "3 Tablespoons unsalted butter or olive oil",
    "1 large yellow onion, peeled and finely chopper",
    "2 medium carrots, peeled and finely chopped",
    "2 ribs of celery, finely chopped",
    "Salt and finely ground black pepper to taste",
    "1 large garlic clove, finely chopped",
    "1 (28-ounce) can peeled plum tomatoes",
    "3 cups of chicken stock",
    "1 bay leaf",
    "1 tablespoon of sugar",
    "1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar",
    "1/4 cup heavy cream",
  ]}
/>

## Recipe

Bring water to a boil in a large, heavy-bottom pot. Use a paring
knife to cut an X into both ends of each tomato, Once the water
boils, add the tomatoes to the pot, working in two batches
if necessary to avoid overcrowding the pot or reducing the
temperature too drastically. Allow the tomatoes to simmer in the
water for 30 to 60 seconds, until the skin begins to loosen and peel
away from the flesh. Using tongs, remove the tomatoes to the
ice-water bath. Once they are cool enough to handle, peel off and
discard the skin and coarsely chop the tomatoes.

In a large, heavy-bottom stockpot, heat the butter until it is just
shimmering, then add the onion, carrots, and celery. Stir over
medium-high heat until they soften and begin to release their
juices, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the
garlic. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables
have begun to brown, 7 to 10 minutes. Do not let them scorch or
get dark brown.

Stir in the chopped fresh tomatoes and the canned tomatoes and
their juices, rinsing the inside of the can with a bit of water and
to the pot. too. Once the mixture begins to bubble
bav leaf. sugar, and vinegar. Bring to a boil,
and let cook for about 30 minutes, uncovered
the pot front the heat, remove and discard the bay leaf.

Puree in the blender. Stir in the cream and adjust the
salt, pepper, sugar, and vinegar as desired.

Commit message:

Add notes about blending tomato soup

content/blog/cream-of-tomato-soup/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Cream of Tomato Soup
date: "2019-09-01T14:15:04+00:00"
description: "Anthony Bourdain's recipe from his book 'appetites'"
tags: ["soup", "tomato", "vegetarian"]
---

import { IngredientList } from "./../../../src/components/IngredientList"

## Ingredients

<IngredientList
  ingredients={[
    "About 12 very ripe medium plum tomatoes",
    "3 Tablespoons unsalted butter or olive oil",
    "1 large yellow onion, peeled and finely chopper",
    "2 medium carrots, peeled and finely chopped",
    "2 ribs of celery, finely chopped",
    "Salt and finely ground black pepper to taste",
    "1 large garlic clove, finely chopped",
    "1 (28-ounce) can peeled plum tomatoes",
    "3 cups of chicken stock",
    "1 bay leaf",
    "1 tablespoon of sugar",
    "1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar",
    "1/4 cup heavy cream",
  ]}
/>

## Recipe

Bring water to a boil in a large, heavy-bottom pot. Use a paring
knife to cut an X into both ends of each tomato, Once the water
boils, add the tomatoes to the pot, working in two batches
if necessary to avoid overcrowding the pot or reducing the
temperature too drastically. Allow the tomatoes to simmer in the
water for 30 to 60 seconds, until the skin begins to loosen and peel
away from the flesh. Using tongs, remove the tomatoes to the
ice-water bath. Once they are cool enough to handle, peel off and
discard the skin and coarsely chop the tomatoes.

In a large, heavy-bottom stockpot, heat the butter until it is just
shimmering, then add the onion, carrots, and celery. Stir over
medium-high heat until they soften and begin to release their
juices, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and stir in the
garlic. Continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables
have begun to brown, 7 to 10 minutes. Do not let them scorch or
get dark brown.

Stir in the chopped fresh tomatoes and the canned tomatoes and
their juices, rinsing the inside of the can with a bit of water and
to the pot. too. Once the mixture begins to bubble
bav leaf. sugar, and vinegar. Bring to a boil,
and let cook for about 30 minutes, uncovered
the pot front the heat, remove and discard the bay leaf.

Puree in the blender. 
Only keep small amounts at a time because the soup will expand because of the steam.
Remove the top cap of the blender and cover with a towel. Stir in the cream and adjust the
salt, pepper, sugar, and vinegar as desired.
